a group of experienced paddlers
assembled to test out a new boat and buy
new I mean a pre-production version
fresh out of the mold Jackson kayaks
karma RG is the latest in crossover
boats designed for racing class-five
whitewater but outfitted for sea kayak
plane we were at Russian Gulch to see
just how well it plays really we're out
to have fun we surfed around rocks and
through slots testing its speed and
maneuverability it's a nice combination
of quick response in solid secondary
stability
we even acquired a bit of an audience
for our games as we moved out to the
point around the point things got
interesting swells were big in the first
tunnel was a wash and white white water
on the sea Shawn East his way in as I
gave him room to check it out huh
I cleared out when the big set came
through but Sean made it through and out
the other side safely but even going
around the tunnel p interesting
we did make it to the inside where it
was protected allowing us to explore
some mellow tunnels and Katie this is
the genius of the Mendocino close
Frenchy on the outside soft on the
inside
you
the next day the swells were even bigger
and we headed to chicken point for some
surfing
the take-off was tricky and the ride
bouncy but the boat was perfect for
screaming down the face dodging rocks
and exiting before getting slammed to
the wall
it's great that more people are starting
to see the possibilities on the ocean it
allows you to choose your own excitement
level and these crossover boats allow
you to do it all
you